Es fixed the default date time format (#29207)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_3_15.md

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Updated the default datetime format to YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ. (Elastic search standard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the default datetime format to YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ. (Elasticsearch standard).
```

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py3-tools:1.0.0.72003*.
- Updated the default datetime format to YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ. (Elasticsearch standard).

> - Fixed an issue where an index regex was set in the index parameter (it will now take the custom format of the first index).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where an index regex was set in the index parameter, from now on it will take the custom format from the first index.
```
